(gentle music)
- No matter how close I got to
them,
no matter how often I went to
the studio
to watch them practice,
I was never going to be a member
of Blast.
More and more, I was forced
to realize that fact.
I felt more terrified than
lonely.
Am I really that weak?
(door bell ringing)
(door bell ringing repeatedly)
(surprised gasp)
- Shane? Did you forget your
keys again-
- Ding dong.
(birds chirping)
(inquisitive music)
- [Nobu] What are you doing?
- So where are the ladies?
- Ladies?
- What's wrong, couldn't find
anyone to come home with you?
- That is none of your business.
- I brought over breakfast
for you, darling.
- What the hell is going on?
How could anyone eat all this
food?
- And I have cake too.
- What's up with you, anyway?
- [Nana] Here!
- You brought a whole cake?
Huh?
(twinkling)
- It's all cold, so
I'll just nuke it, okay?
- Nana, what is all this?
- You really still don't get it,
do you?
God, you're dense.
(Nobuo sighing)
(Nana gasps)
Nobuo, wait! Where are you
going?
- [Nobuo] To thank her.
No, to apologize.
- But it's six in the morning.
Hachiko is probably still
sleeping.
(Nobuo sighs)
- You're right.
(Nana sighs)
- She's got work this morning,
so if you're gonna
apologize, do it tonight.
And besides, you have to
work today too, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Well then, let's eat.
- It's Sunday, July 29th.
It's gonna be a great day today.
The Tokyo area, however,
will be windy this evening.
Coming up after the break,
we'll have today's horoscope for
you-
(TV clicks off)
- You know, there's something
I've been thinking about.
- [Nana] Hmm?
- Hachi really is an incredible
cook.
- Really? She's all right.
So I'm gonna leave the
leftovers here, okay?
You can share 'em with Shin
and Yasu.
I'll call Yasu
later and tell him to drop by
when he's done work.
- Yeah, but wouldn't it be nicer
if we all saw Hachi tonight?
We haven't said hi to
Misato, either.
- Do whatever you want.
I have to work tonight,
so I'm gonna have my
piece of cake right now.
- Whoa! But that cake
is too precious to cut!
At least take a picture first.
- Already did.
- [Nobuo] Give it!
(makeup clattering)
(Hachiko gasps)
- [Hachiko] He didn't
hear the alarm going off
or all the noise I just made.
You must be exhausted.
But still, you let me come over.
I'm glad, but I feel a bit
guilty.
I thought I was just a
convenient girl
that Takumi could sleep
with whenever he wanted.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe I'm the one using
Takumi as someone convenient
to hold me when I feel lonely.
(gentle music)
(lighter clicking)
- I don't want it.
(quiet footsteps)
I don't want it!
Look, I told you I only came
here
because you gave me too much
last time.
- Well then, you can make
it up to me by taking this
as an advance for the next
time you come to see me.
(confused gasping)
(strained sighing)
(soft whimpering)
- Sorry, Take, I was out cold.
Am I late?
- [Takeda] No, it's okay.
I had a feeling you'd sleep in,
so I accounted for that in the
schedule.
I brought a change of clothes,
too.
- Oh, thanks for doing that.
- I'll leave them here, so get
ready.
I'll go check Reira
outta her room first.
- Huh?
You mean Reira stayed here too?
(car door opening)
- [Reira] Huh?
- I heard you're feeling
sick. Got a cold?
- Oh, no. I was just a
little car sick.
- What the hell?
I don't remember you ever
getting car sick before.
- You worried?
- Of course I am.
Because if you run outta gas,
then the band grinds to a halt
and that sucks for everyone.
- [Reira] Hmm.
- So here, fill her up.
(disgusted gasping)
- Don't talk to me like
I'm some kind of thing!
- Take it easy, it was only
a metaphor.
I guess I'll just
drink it myself.
- [Hachiko] My job that day
was to sell milk at a
supermarket.
It's a new, delicious milk
that comes straight...
How long can I keep this up?
Day after day, just doing time.
(crickets chirping)
Huh, where's the key?
It's not here.
Maybe Misato didn't go out.
No way! For Mr. Mizukoshi?
What is it?
(wedding bells ringing)
Okay. This I did
not need to know.
That's so nice. I'm jealous.
I wanna get married too.
His wife's pretty.
They've known each other
since they were kids.
I wish I had a hot childhood
friend too.
Doesn't matter if I don't
find a job that I like.
If only I could spend every
day with someone I love.
That would make me so happy.
But Takumi's not the kind of guy
who'd settle down and get
married.
I gotta hurry up and put
an end to this relationship
and start a real one.
But can a pathetic girl
like me find someone
who will love me for the
rest of my life?
What if things keep
going like this?
What'll happen to me?
Am I gonna grow old
and die alone?
- Hachiko, welcome home!
We were all waiting for you.
We're having a party because
Blast just got a contract!
- [Yasushi] Well, we
haven't signed it yet.
- So what are waiting for
anyway?
- Well, there are a few things-
- Hachi!
(Hachiko gasps)
I'm so sorry, your cake
was amazing.
- [Hachiko] Oh, Shin, make
me your wife.
- Hey, Shin! Lay off, man!
- [Hachiko] I can't play
the guitar or the keyboard.
I know I'll never be a member
of Blast.
But the love I feel for
these guys and their music
is something nobody else in the
world has.
I swear, that'll be true
for the rest of my life.
- So for a straight up
punk band like us,
I think it might be better
to stick with the indie scene
for a while and develop
a strong fan base there
instead of signing on with
one of the major labels
and hoping for a hit
on their terms.
- But why?
(Nobuo gasps)
(both chuckle softly)
- These days, bands who stay
indie can be almost as big
as ones on major labels.
But if you're gonna end up on
one of those labels anyway,
why wait?
Especially since one
already wants to sign you.
- You really know your
stuff, don't cha, Misato?
But as far as major labels
are concerned,
our queen is anxious to make it.
(whip cracking)
So I was thinking if we're gonna
go big,
we should do it right away.
And if you really think about
it-
- Come on, don't be
so cautious.
I know you like taping the
ice to see if it's safe,
but eventually it's gonna
crack and you'll fall through.
- But the big record companies
are all about the bottom
line: money.
Even if the first song's a hit,
if the next one flops,
the label drops you.
The stigma of being a
one-hit wonder
makes a comeback very difficult.
- Oh, I get it.
So you think it's better
to build
a dedicated indie fan
base first,
get big in that scene,
and then go to a major label.
- Absolutely.
I just think that if
we sign a contract now,
we'll have to take
whatever the record company
wants to give us.
- Do you mean money?
- Yeah, but not just that.
I think if we wait and get
big in the indie scene,
labels will offer us better
deals and we'll have more say.
- But I don't care about
contracts and conditions!
I just wanna be able to play.
All we have to do is
make them money, right?
- That's right! That's right!
- But honestly, do you
really think you can write
a bunch of hit songs
one after another?
(Nobu sighs)
- Obviously! Of course he can do
it!
He already has.
I don't really know anything
about the music business,
and I don't know
much about punk.
The only reason I know
about the Sex Pistols
is because I watch that
movie Sid and Nancy.
To tell the truth, I don't
think I'll ever get into punk.
- Are you serious?
- I'm sorry. But I love
the songs Nobuo writes.
(Nobuo inhales sharply)
And I'm not just saying
this 'cause he's my friend.
I've loved his songs since
the first time I heard him.
I was really surprised.
I got goosebumps!
So there's no way you
guys won't make it big.
- Ha-Hachi?
It's all right. I
understand, and I thank you.
Just don't say another word.
I'm so happy I could cry.
(Hachiko stammering quietly)
- I totally agree.
Nobuo can write songs that'll
be hits for the major labels.
- You think?
- Well, when you think about it,
it makes sense that it's
mostly indie fans
who were into the
earlier Blast songs
because Ren wrote most of them.
But Nobuo's songs are
more pop than Ren's.
Depending on how they're
produced,
I think a wider audience
would be into them.
- But obviously there are a lot
of people
who like to listen to Ren's
songs.
- [Misato] That's because he's
tailored them for Trapnest.
He's writing for the masses.
- Right.
Misato, you have quite an
understanding of the music biz.
I'm impressed.
- Well, I'm impressed with Ren.
He can write songs to fit band's
image
and turn them into big
hits as well!
- Yeah, but don't forget
Trapnest songs
also sell really well
because of all the work
Takumi does on the arrangements.
No matter what the song is,
once it's in his hands he can
make it into a Trapnest hit.
(Nobuo gasps)
- You know, that's something
I've always wondered about.
I mean, how do you
think Ren feels
about Takumi messing with
his songs all the time?
- Yeah, totally.
I mean don't most bands
arrange their songs together?
I would really hate it if I
was being told how to play.
- Yeah, But Takumi has
started to get input
from the other members as well.
He seems to know all their
strengths and weaknesses,
but in the old days he wrote
all the songs
and the band was just
his one-man show.
- That's why there were clashes!
The band was like a revolving
door of musicians, wasn't it?
If I remember right,
Naoki's their second drummer
and Ren is the fourth guitarist.
- [Yasushi] You really
know all the details.
- Who'd want to be in a
band like that, right?
- When Ren joined,
did he know that this was
how things were gonna be?
- Uh-huh.
The truth is Ren has always
believed
in Takumi's vision of
the band.
- And what vision
is that?
- Hmm.
"The only one who can create the
music
that sets the stage
for the power
and beauty of Reira's
voice is me."
- [Shin] Hmm?
- Wow. Damn it all.
That sounds pretty intense.
- [Misato] I know.
But Yasu, weren't you a
little bit jealous
that he said that about her?
She was your girlfriend.
- How the hell do you
know about that?
- When it comes to bands
from my hometown,
I'll stop at nothing
to get all the details.
I wanna know everything!
It's what keeps me going.
- Okay, but we broke up
a long time ago.
- I know!
(Yasu sighs)
- Wow. I didn't even know that.
- [Hachiko] Jealous? Shouldn't
I be feeling jealous?
There's obviously a
strong bond between them.
Maybe they're are a
couple, knowing Takumi.
I gotta stop thinking like this.
- We're starting to get
off on a tangent here.
We've got to figure out
what to do with our band
instead of gossiping
about Trapnest.
- [Misato] Yeah. You're right,
sorry.
- Ah, come on.
You always change the subject
whenever it turns to you.
- [Hachiko] What's wrong
with me? I should be jealous,
but actually I think
they'd be a good couple.
- [Shin] What's the point
of even discussing this
when Nana's not here yet?
- Oh my gosh, you're right!
- So, when is Nana coming home?
- Oh, she's working tonight,
so she might not make it home.
- [Hachiko] No way!
Nana isn't coming?
But I haven't seen her for days.
I mean, I did see her on stage
last night,
but that's not the same thing,
really.
(hollow thudding)
- Hey Hachi, will you go buy
some wine? We're totally out.
For your safety, Nobuo will
go with you.
(Nobuo gasps)
Go buy it yourself!
- Unfortunately for me, I look
too young.
They won't sell me anything.
- It's all right, Hachi.
I can get it myself.
Please. Don't come.
- That's a bad idea
because Nobuo
looks just as young as I do.
But Hachi, you're so hot,
nobody would ever card you.
- You think I'm hot?
- [Shin] Just go.
- [Hachiko] What should I do?
What can we talk about
alone, just the two of us?
(Hachiko whimpering)
(Hachiko startles)
- [Nobuo] Um, why are you
walking so far behind me?
Just walk in front of me, okay?
I'll worry if I can't see you.
- [Hachiko] Okay.
(footsteps)
I can't walk in front of
you, it makes me nervous!
- Oh, sorry.
It's just, I-
(Hachiko whimpering)
- Can't we just walk side by
side?
- Of course, if that's what
you want.
(footsteps)
(deep inhale)
- Thank you!
- Huh? What for?
- Actually, I kind of
thought you might not ever
want to talk to me again.
So I'm glad you came tonight.
- What are you talking about?
I mean, of course
I'll talk to you.
- [Hachiko] I'm sorry.
- [Nobuo] What are you
apologizing for?
You didn't do anything wrong.
- I did.
And the truth is I really
am a horrible girl.
(Nobuo laughing)
- [Nobuo] What do you mean
horrible?
Horrible how?
- But I'm serious.
Nobuo, stop always
idealizing me!
If you saw who I really was,
you wouldn't even like me.
- [Shin] You've got some
unrealistic ideas about women.
- If you knew the real
me, you'd be disappointed.
- [Shin] Hachi had just
broken up with her boyfriend.
Maybe she was feeling lonely.
(Hachiko sniffling)
All right, then. Disappoint me.
I'm ready.
Otherwise, I don't know how else
I'm gonna be able to
stop loving you.
(uplifting music)
(music intensifies)
- [Shin] Hey, Yasu, tell
me more of that story.
You know, for future reference.
- What story is that?
- You and Reira.
Weren't you jealous of
Takumi and his vision?
- Yeah, of course I was.
Totally jealous.
- [Shin] Really? You were?
- I was jealous of his
talent, his confidence,
and his reckless personality.
And on top of all that,
Reira was in love with him.
Even before we started going
out,
for some reason Reira was
attached to me.
I was a year older, so I was
like a big brother to her.
Takumi was a complete
womanizer back then,
but he never got with Reira.
I mean, she was important to him
but only because she
was his diva.
- I just love to sing.
I wish I was a singing machine
and then I'd feel nothing.
No desire, no jealousy.
A high performance
machine that never breaks.
But if I got rid of my feelings,
it would be impossible to sing.
It's hard to be human.
- I empathized with her.
So then I convinced her that
she should forget about him
and go out with me instead.
- You convinced her?
- But once we started going out,
it became more apparent
that there was no way
I could win against Takumi.
Now looking back, I know it
was nothing but petty jealousy.
I didn't wanna listen to
Reira's complaining either.
She was worried about the band
and couldn't decide whether
or not to move to Tokyo.
The thing is I wasn't
there for her to lean on
when she needed me the most,
so of course we broke up.
- But Yasu, you could try
to be there for her now,
couldn't you?
- Nah, she's a big girl.
I doubt she needs me around
anymore.
And besides, right now
I have my hands full
taking care of you guys.
- [Hachiko] I have to
say goodbye to Takumi.
If I can't do that,
I have to tear myself
away from these arms.
I can do it, right?
I will say it and
I'll be all right.
And this time I'll
really be happy
because these arms hold the
entire future that I want.
I can just feel it.
- [Nana] Where's Hachiko?
- [Misato] Oh, she went to get
some booze.
- What the hell? I missed her
again?
I even paid the cab driver
extra to speed.
- [Yasushi] I'm sure
she'll be back anytime now.
- [Shin] I think it might be
a while.
- [Nana] Why is
that?
- Because I sent her on an
errand with Nobuo.
(hands slapping)
- Really? Way to go, Shin!
Don't come back till dawn.
I'm counting on you, Nobuo!
- What? I thought she had a
boyfriend?
- I bet 10,000 yen they do it.
- And I bet 10,000 yen they
don't.
- I bet 100 he's done before he
starts!
- You're so cheap.
(romantic music)
- [Hachiko] Hey Nana, the
feelings I professed that night
remain unfaded in my heart.
Those shining dreams
we had back then,
don't ever forget them.